The diviz workbench
Create a new workflow
Define the name of the workflow
Search for the weighted sum program
Drag and drop the weighted sum program into the empty workspace
Add the XMCDA file describing the criteria
And connect it to the corresponding input of the weighted sum
Repeat for the XMCDA files describing the alternatives, and containing the performance table and the criteria weights
Execute the workflow
Check the overall values produced
Let's plot the preorder of the alternatives
Drag and drop the program to plot this preorder into the workspace
Connect it to the existing workflow
Edit the properties of the program to rank the alternative with the lowest overall value first
Execute the workflow
Show the preorder
Open an existing workflow
Execute it
Check the history of past executions
The execution continues in the background (you could even leave diviz and return later)
Check intermediate results of a past execution
The execution is finished
Let's check the latest results